(X) Dropbox
  Write a function called eval, which takes a string and returns a boolean. This string is allowed 6 different characters: 0, 1, &, |, (, and ). Eval should evaluate the string as a boolean expression, where 0 is false, 1 is true, & is an and, and | is an or. An example string might look like "(0 | (1 | 0)) & (1 & ((1 | 0) & 0))"
  TODO: Simpler version

Facebook
Design a data structure that supports insert, delete min, delete max, get min, and get max, all in log(n) time

(X) Given a number n, return a number formed from the same 
    digits of n that is the number right before n. Example: Given 1342, you must return the number 1324.

(X) design a method store really large numbers that exceed 64 bits, 
and then to write a method that can add two of these numbers.

(X) check if two strings are anagrams

(X) Given an array of integers, return all possible subsets of length n. 

(X) Given a really big file with a lots of Facebook posts, find the ten most used words.

(X) print link list in reverse

(X) computer sqrt(x)

(X) hasCheated(String s1,String s2, int N) that evaluates to true if two strings have a common substring of length N.

3. Return the length of the longest sequence of increasing numbers in an unsorted array

Given a bipartite graph, separate the vertices into two sets

Convert a binary tree into a circular doubly linked list. 
The order of the elements in the linked list have to be the order of elements you get when you do an in order traversal of the binary tree.

Convert sorted array to BST

jtgi - 
- serialize and deserialize a graph
- serialize a dfs after finding the first solution such that when deserialized
  a second solution can be computed from the first solution.

Given two Strings S1 and S2. Find the longest Substring which is a Prefix of S1 and suffix of S2. 

Given a directory of files and folders (and relevant functions), how would you parse through it to find equivalent files?

Question was "Given a pattern and a string - find if the string follows the same pattern Eg: Pattern : [a b b a], String : cat dog dog cat "o

[HARD] Question was &quot;Given a pattern and a string input - find if   string follows the same pattern and return 0 or 1. Examples: 1) Pattern : "abba", input: "redblueredblue" should return 1. 2) Pattern: "aaaa", input: "asdasdasdasd" should return 1. 3) Pattern: "aabb", input: "xyzabcxzyabc" should return 0. 

O(n) time O(1) space to print link list reversely.

Given a list of 4 billion integers, find an integer not in the list using 4MB of memory.

Given a list of strings, return a list of lists of strings that groups all anagrams. 

FB
Ex. given {trees, bike, cars, steer, arcs} 
return { {cars, arcs}, {bike}, {trees, steer} } 

m = # of words 
n = length of longest word

Given a string of characters without spaces, is there a way to break the string into valid words without leftover characters.  



Letters are represented by numbers, e.g.
A = 1
B = 2
...
J = 10
K = 11
etc.

Given a number (e.g. 113), how many different combinations of letters could this be converted to? 

Determine if two sets of numbers are overlapping. (1, 3) (2, 5) are overlapping.

Questions

    given a string, return the opposite of it, without changing the inner order of any word. for instance:

    " abc" -> "abc "
    " good morning" -> "morning good "


2. Given a list of strings, return a list of lists of strings, which represents the list grouping strings by whether they are anagrams of one another.   View Answer

LCA problem with no parent pointers. Given the root of a tree and pointers to two nodes contained in that tree, return the lowest common ancestor of the two nodes. IE, the common ancestor furthest from the root. 

Given an array of integers, return all possible subsets of length n.
